README.md, before:

App Dev Cloud with Customer Evaluation Demo
===========================================
This demo is to install JBoss BPM Suite Customer Evaluation Demo in the Cloud based on leveraging the OpenShift Container Platform (OCP)
It delivers a fully functioning financial process for customer evaluation containerized on OCP.

The customer evaluation project demonstrates the BPM Suite process integration with rules.
It is a straight through process (STP).


Install Customer Evaluation on OpenShift
----------------------------------------
1. First ensure you have an OpenShift container based installation, such as one of the followling installed first:

  - [OCP Install Demo](https://github.com/redhatdemocentral/ocp-install-demo)

  - or your own OpenShift installation.

2. [Download and unzip this demo.](https://github.com/redhatdemocentral/rhcs-customer-evaluation-demo/archive/master.zip)

3. Download JBoss EAP & JBoss BPM Suite, add to installs directory (see installs/README).

4. Run 'init.sh' or 'init.bat' file. 'init.bat' must be run with Administrative privileges:
```
   # The installation needs to be pointed to a running version
   # of OpenShift, so pass an IP address such as:
   #
   $ ./init.sh 192.168.99.100  # example for OCP.
```

Log in to customer evaluation application to start exploring (the address will be generated by the init script):

  - OCP example: http://rhcs-customereval-demo-appdev-in-cloud.192.168.99.100.nip.io/business-central ( u:erics / p:bpmsuite1! )


Note before running demo:
-------------------------
This project can be installed on any OpenShift platform, such as OpenShift Container Platform.
It's possible to install it on any available installation by pointing this installer to an OpenShift IP address:
```
  $ ./init.sh IP
```

-----

If for any reason the installation breaks or you want a new installation, just remove the project entry in the OpenShift console and re-run the installation.

-----

This project is pre-loaded into the JBoss BPM Suite, after starting it you can login,
examine the rule, process, and data model from within the various product components.

-----


Supporting Articles
-------------------
- [7 Steps to Your First Process with JBoss BPM Suite Starter	Kit](http://www.schabell.org/2015/08/7-steps-first-process-jboss-bpmsuite-starter-kit.html)

- [3 shockingly easy ways into JBoss rules, events, planning & BPM](http://www.schabell.org/2015/01/3-shockingly-easy-ways-into-jboss-brms-bpmsuite.html)

- [Jump Start Your Rules, Events, Planning and BPM Today](http://www.schabell.org/2014/12/jump-start-rules-events-planning-bpm-today.html)

- [5 Handy Tips From JBoss BPM Suite For Release 6.0.3](http://www.schabell.org/2014/10/5-handy-tips-from-jboss-bpmsuite-release-603.html)

- [Launching Into the Clouds With 2 New OpenShift Primer bpmPaaS Quickstarts](http://www.schabell.org/2014/10/launching-into-clouds-with-2-new-openshift-primer-bpmpaas-quickstarts.html)

- [Red Hat JBoss BPM Suite - all product demos updated for version 6.0.2.GA release](http://www.schabell.org/2014/07/redhat-jboss-bpmsuite-product-demos-6.0.2-updated.html)


Released versions
-----------------
See the tagged releases for the following versions of the product:

- v1.0 - JBoss BPM Suite 6.4.0 and JBoss EAP 7.0.0 with customer evaluation deployed on any OCP.

![Cloud Pod](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/redhatdemocentral/rhcs-customer-evaluation-demo/master/docs/demo-images/rhcs-customereval-pod.png)

![Cloud Build](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/redhatdemocentral/rhcs-customer-evaluation-demo/master/docs/demo-images/rhcs-customereval-project.png)

![Cloud Suite](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/redhatdemocentral/rhcs-customer-evaluation-demo/master/docs/demo-images/rhcs-arch.png)

Commit message:

Added support for CDK installation.

README.md, after:

App Dev Cloud with Customer Evaluation Demo
===========================================
This demo is to install JBoss BPM Suite Customer Evaluation Demo in the Cloud based on leveraging the OpenShift Container Platform (OCP)
It delivers a fully functioning financial process for customer evaluation containerized on OCP.

The customer evaluation project demonstrates the BPM Suite process integration with rules.
It is a straight through process (STP).


Install Customer Evaluation on OpenShift
----------------------------------------
1. First ensure you have an OpenShift container based installation, such as one of the followling installed first:

  - [OCP Install Demo](https://github.com/redhatdemocentral/ocp-install-demo)

  - [Red Hat Container Development Kit (CDK) using Minishift](https://developers.redhat.com/products/cdk/overview)

  - or your own OpenShift installation.

2. [Download and unzip this demo.](https://github.com/redhatdemocentral/rhcs-customer-evaluation-demo/archive/master.zip)

3. Download JBoss EAP & JBoss BPM Suite, add to installs directory (see installs/README).

4. Run 'init.sh' or 'init.bat' file. 'init.bat' must be run with Administrative privileges:
```
   # The installation needs to be pointed to a running version
   # of OpenShift, so pass an IP address such as:
   #
   $ ./init.sh 192.168.99.100  # example for OCP.
```

Log in to customer evaluation application to start exploring (the address will be generated by the init script):

  - OCP example: http://rhcs-customereval-demo-appdev-in-cloud.192.168.99.100.nip.io/business-central ( u:erics / p:bpmsuite1! )


Notes
-----

If for any reason the installation breaks or you want a new installation, just remove the project entry in the OpenShift console and re-run the installation.

-----

This project is pre-loaded into the JBoss BPM Suite, after starting it you can login,
examine the rule, process, and data model from within the various product components.

-----


Supporting Articles
-------------------
- [7 Steps to Your First Process with JBoss BPM Suite Starter	Kit](http://www.schabell.org/2015/08/7-steps-first-process-jboss-bpmsuite-starter-kit.html)

- [3 shockingly easy ways into JBoss rules, events, planning & BPM](http://www.schabell.org/2015/01/3-shockingly-easy-ways-into-jboss-brms-bpmsuite.html)

- [Jump Start Your Rules, Events, Planning and BPM Today](http://www.schabell.org/2014/12/jump-start-rules-events-planning-bpm-today.html)

- [5 Handy Tips From JBoss BPM Suite For Release 6.0.3](http://www.schabell.org/2014/10/5-handy-tips-from-jboss-bpmsuite-release-603.html)

- [Launching Into the Clouds With 2 New OpenShift Primer bpmPaaS Quickstarts](http://www.schabell.org/2014/10/launching-into-clouds-with-2-new-openshift-primer-bpmpaas-quickstarts.html)

- [Red Hat JBoss BPM Suite - all product demos updated for version 6.0.2.GA release](http://www.schabell.org/2014/07/redhat-jboss-bpmsuite-product-demos-6.0.2-updated.html)


Released versions
-----------------
See the tagged releases for the following versions of the product:

- v1.1 - JBoss BPM Suite 6.4.0 and JBoss EAP 7.0.0 with customer evaluation deployed and available on CDK with Minishift.

- v1.0 - JBoss BPM Suite 6.4.0 and JBoss EAP 7.0.0 with customer evaluation deployed on any OCP.

![Cloud Pod](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/redhatdemocentral/rhcs-customer-evaluation-demo/master/docs/demo-images/rhcs-customereval-pod.png)

![Cloud Build](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/redhatdemocentral/rhcs-customer-evaluation-demo/master/docs/demo-images/rhcs-customereval-project.png)

![Cloud Suite](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/redhatdemocentral/rhcs-customer-evaluation-demo/master/docs/demo-images/rhcs-arch.png)
